𝗯𝗶𝘇𝗸𝗶𝘁                                              version: 20231016

  Operating System for SMEs

  PROBLEM STATEMENT:
    Like it or not, the internet is now an integral part of society.
    This is not surprising, it gives us magical abilities and
    connects everyone (and things) in “real time”.

    Small and Mid-size Enterprises (SMEs) today can tap into the
    magic of the internet, giving their business new abilities that
    make them stand out to customers and enhance their day-to-day
    operations.

    This is why we created BizKit – A suite of digital business
    tools for modern Small and medium-sized enterprises.

  GOALS:
    x Have a suite of software that enables an SME to enhance its day-
      to day operations.
    x Form a marketplace from the SMEs that use __bizkit__.
    x Make traditional ways of running an SME obsolete.
    x Allow any individual to create and run a business without any
      any censorship or other kinds of restrictions.
    x Freedom in commerce.
    x Have new revolutionary ideas and tools to operate an SME.

  NON-GOALS
    x Quick cash

  BizKit POS
    0 Inventory: A POS system should also serve as good inventory
      management software and make the process effortless as it is
      the most essential POS feature in a system. You should be able
      to monitor all the critical information about the inventory
      counts, from individual SKUs to the overall number of units.
      Moreover, it allows you to count the stock digitally rather
      than manually, saving time and money.
    0 Sales: A POS system can record a simple sale and deducts the
      quantity sold from the inventory. Allows you to print the
      invoice (if you have a receipt printer) or email it directly to
      the customer.
    0 Orders: Allows you to record orders taken in
      store. In other words, products that your customers would like
      to buy from you but you don’t have in stock, or that you don’t
      normally sell in your store. When the product becomes available
      in your inventory, you will have all the necessary information
      to quickly inform your customers the product is available. If
      your employees receive many requests for an item that you do
      not have in your inventory, offering the product can represent
      additional revenues.
    0 Repairs: Allows you to closely monitor your customer’s items
      that you repair in your shop. You will be able to repair items
      such as watches or jewellery for example, and track a variety
      of custom repair statuses very closely.
    0 Rentals: Allows you to keep track of the products that have
      been rented in your shop.
    0 Supplier purchases: This allows you to have control over
      purchases and make sure you have the items ordered from the
      suppliers.
    0 Employee management: Most POS systems come with some form of
      employee management features, like tracking employee sales,
      activity and performance. This makes it easy to see which
      employees are your top earners, and which ones might require
      more training. You can use these tools to run competitions and
      reward your top performers.
    0 Appointment booking: Although it is not as common a feature,
      some POS systems have appointment-booking capabilities. This
      tool enables appointment booking through your online store or
      website. Then, you can manage appointments and sales within one
      platform. This is especially useful for those operating in
      professional service industries (e.g., nail salons, wellness
      spas, repairs and health).
    0 Reporting: Every POS system generates reports, but since the
      depth of reporting varies, you’ll want one with the right
      analytics for your business. Will you need basic reports for
      sales per hour, inventory management or other metrics?
      Look for a system with customizable reports that allow you to
      filter data by date range and other factors. You may also want
      a system that allows you to customize how the data is presented
      and schedule automatic reports to be emailed to you.
    0 Dashboards: POS systems have easy-to-use dashboards that give
      you a quick summary of how your business is performing. You can
      often see things like sales, inventory and performance at a
      glance. 


  HARDWARE
    0 Android Tablet
    0 Tablet stand
    0 Credit card reader
    0 Receipt printer
    0 Barcode scanners
    0 Cash Drawer (Optional)
    
  SIMILAR PROJECTS:
    x xero: https://www.xero.com/us/                  (accounting)
    x shopify: https://www.shopify.com/               (ecommerce)
    x trello: https://trello.com/en                   (projects)
    x toggl: https://toggl.com/                       (time)
    x Paypal + Stripe: https://www.paypal.com/us/home (payments)
    x Hunter: https://hunter.io/                      (emails)
    x Slack: https://slack.com/                       (chat)
    x G-suite: https://workspace.google.com/          (docs)
    x Gusto: https://gusto.com/                       (payroll)
    x Sage: https://www.sage.com                      (business)
    x Avast: https://www.avast.com                    (cybersec)
    x Hubspot: https://www.hubspot.com                (crm)
    x Bitrix24: https://www.bitrix24.com/             (business)